= shared_book

* http://github.com/xunker/shared_book

== DESCRIPTION:

A Ruby Gem to connect to the SharedBook.com publishing API.

This version provides 1:1 method call structure to the SharedBook rest-like API.

== SYNOPSIS:

  s = SharedBook.new(
    :product_api_key => "xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-x",
    :product_secret_word => "xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-x",
    :auth_token => "xxxxx_xxx",
    :get_session_token => true
  )
  
  s.bmscreate_init('test book',
    [{:chapterTitle => 'chapter 1', :chapterText => 'text'}, {:chapterTitle => 'chapter 2', :chapterText => 'text'}]
  )
  
  s.bmscreate_publish
  
  s.bms_addComment(:comment_title => 'comment', :comment_text => 'text', :owner_name => 'George')

  s.bms_addPhoto_by_url(:file_url => 'http://www.example.com/images/logo.png', :owner_name => 'Geroge')
  s.bms_addPhoto_by_handle(:file_name => "../images/angry_squirrel.jpg", :file_mime => "image/jpeg", :owner_name => 'Gerogee')
  s.bms_setFrontCoverPhoto(:file_name => "../images/angry_squirrel.jpg", :file_mime => "image/jpeg", :owner_name => 'Gerogee')
  s.bms_setBackCoverPhoto(:file_name => "../images/angry_squirrel.jpg", :file_mime => "image/jpeg", :owner_name => 'Gerogee')

  s.bms_publish
  s.bookcreate_init
  s.bookcreate_setDedication(:dedication_text => 'Dedicated!')
  s.bookcreate_publish
  s.book_preview

== USAGE:

Before calling SharedBook.new you will need to send you web client to the URL provided by SharedBook.auth_login_url.  This URL will return the user to your SharedBook.com return URL and it will have a unique auth token appended to the query string.  You must retrieve that token and pass it in to SharedBook.new as :auth_token.

For testing you can call SharedBook.new with an :auth_token value of 'auto' which will automatically get this token for you but the preview URL given my book_preview will be inaccessible.  :auth_token => 'auto' should never, ever, ever be used for production purposes.

During a real usage scenario, the order of operations should follow roughtly:
  
  s = SharedBook.new
  s.bmscreate_init
  s.bmscreate_publish
  s.bms_addComment
  s.bms_addPhoto_by_url
  s.bms_addPhoto_by_handle
  s.bms_setFrontCoverPhoto
  s.bms_setBackCoverPhoto
  s.bms_publish
  s.bookcreate_init
  s.bookcreate_setDedication
  s.bookcreate_publish
  s.book_preview
  
== REQUIREMENTS:

This library is useless unless you have an account at SharedBook.com.

You will need to know your the API key and secret word for your product
and pass them in to the constructor.

== INSTALL:

gem install shared_book

== TODO:

* Add the ability to post a picture using data from a string, not just a URL or filename.
* Add a more ruby-like method for creating a new SharedBook object.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Matthew Nielsen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.